Celiac Disease Web Site: Explanatory Text for Portfolio Web Site

Today, the popular press gives the impression that people who are diagnosed with Celiac Disease have more access to gluten-free food and information
than at any time in history, and perhaps that's true. However, the gluten-free lifestyle still has many pitfalls, and many are being misinformed
and misled, particularly by websites, books, and articles claiming that the gluten-free diet is easy to manaage. Thus, there is a definite need
for a website that attempts to assist and educate the newly-diagnosed, while offering support, and enabling them to support each other.

1. Discovery Stage
During the course of my research, I read many stories of people who had to find out which foods they could consume, as well as where to purchase
them, after a diagnosis. Many food names give no indication of wheat or gluten, and can easily mislead the newly-diagnosed. Furthermore many have to deal with
family members who don't understand why that person can no longer eat wheat or gluten, and this gave me a good idea of the needs of these people. People with
Celiac Disease need access to reliable sources of information, reliable sources of Gluten-Free food, and a caring ommunity where they can share recipes and
ideas, and get helpful advice.

2. Planning Stage
Next, I conducted further research on Celiac Disease, to make sure my information was correct, and wrote original content based on that
research, using an Adaptive Content strategy to ensure my information would flow properly into all devices. I then created personas, based on the
data, and scenarios to test the possible uses of the web site. 

3. Creative Stage
Next, I brainstormed for a name and chose a warm color pallet, picked from the stock photo I purchased from fotolia.com. Wireframes were created in 
Adobe Illustrator CC 2014, from which comprehensives were created in Adobe Photoshop CC 2014. Fonts will be Utopia Display for the headings, and PT-Sans regular and
bold for the text.

4. Application Stage
Using the Photoshop comps, I quickly developed an HTML5/CSS3/Sass prototype, which has been refined multiple times. While creating this project, I learned
Sass, and I applied my new-found knowledge.
